(DOCSP-27548): Add docs release notes for w/e January 27 (#330)
mongodb/docs-app-services: docs-release-notes.md

# January 27, 2023

## Get Started
- Device Sync Tutorial - .NET MAUI: Replaces the previous Xamarin tutorial with a tutorial for building on the new MAUI template app
- Device Sync Tutorial - React Native: Minor tweak telling users where to go to install app dependencies to account for multiple client download options

## GraphQL API
- Authenticate GraphQL Requests

>   - Update the page with more information about Bearer Authentication, Credential Headers, unify the structure so it can paralell a similar page for Data API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Update the page with more information about Bearer Authentication, Credential Headers, unify the structure so it parallels a similar page for Data API
```

>   - Add information getting and refreshing a user access token as a reusable block that can go on this page and the similar Data API page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add information about getting and refreshing a user access token as a reusable block that can go on this page and the similar Data API page
```
